[Music]
and
why
very good these kids what's going on here
I'm going to 18 with a new video and we're in
a new tutoring game download and
I bring you an it for speed carbon full
in Spanish and in torrent is worth the games
download it 'aces' in English but the
mega file as you can see up there
it also contains a patch that
translates to Spanish but translates
only the texts do not translate the
cinematic if it's a bitch but it 's a
remedy for the disease worth
link that I will leave you below in the
description of this video will direct you
directly to this page to my page
Web
concretely to what you are seeing
here it is worth having all the
requirements and everything and here you have the
links are the inscribed links and
you wait
five or ten seconds for advertising
OK
once and spend the advertising you will come
to this page from here to mega you have here
the file nor for speed carbon by me
the downloads are 15 megs 1 13 15
to the experience that is downloaded
you have it here you have it here as you see
So far I already have it downloaded
Trys in folder and it will be in this folder
It's worth the folder contains the following
contains the crack of the game
the torrent file to download the iso
of the game the installer of lemon tools
and a serial so that it introduces it
enter is when I ask and the
translation of the carbon vale report
to download the game what you have
what to do is to get into the torrent worth
hit the torrent and download this
file is worth double click on
torrent and it will automatically open
the mourning king and he will tell you the name of the
notice to download is worth the use
here the name of the iso are 4 gb is
little bit is the exportable game is
forget to say it
once you have the iso file
downloaded you have to do double
click
in the case you do not have is the diamond
tours light installed what you have to
do is install the diamond tours and
double click on the iso vale
in the case of people who do not clarify
double clicking and all that is worth
we go here in the beginning we are going to give
in mont uls
damon your light we open it select
Here is the image you are looking for in my case
I have it here and here it's worth here
and you make ride
lamont eyes starts to mount the
image
It's worth as it is here you have all the
files what you have to do is
know how to double- click and activate
the auto run
we close it down
asks us to close all the
programs ok let's accept them
will open the installer and we will give
install it as you see here, it asks us the
serial then we go to the folder
that you have downloaded and we are going to be
we already copy it
and we go here and we hit it, it's worth
you are not worth copying and pasting
to stick everything one by one
efe
cuckoo is worth
it says to next
we even minimize them
You see I do not know what license is worth you accept
wait what you ask
so it takes installing me
once once this has been charged you
the game installation path will come out
ok you can put in a typical way in the
default directory in ce program files
such electronic I do not know that I can
put it in advanced mode for
select the folder where you want
install it is worth in my case I'm going to
select the advanced mode I'm going to go
a team where I have the games
installed I'm going to games and here
You see, I have no carbon for speed
next
fister and now it later start
install once you have finished installing
we continue with the tutorial so far
ok guys we are back as
You see, it's just installed and put the
installation has been completely
satisfactory as it states that it is
make the rhythm play the game or go out
in our case we are going to leave it is worth now
what we have to do is go to the
folder where we have it installed voucher
well let's go here is how you see and is
everything here and now we go back to the folder
from the downloaded files we go to the
crack we copy the file crack voucher and
we paste it in the folder
it is worth copying and replacing it and it will be
this our crack file is worth what
you can send the desk will be with the
that we will accede to play and now
we will go to put it in Spanish
put Spanish what you have to do
is going to translation or for speed
carbon is worth double clicking click and
puts uses this unit to translate
the texts of the info explain good in
Spanish is worth the only thing you have to
to do is translate vale and directly and
once this is done, it will be translated
automatically the game the Spanish is worth
now after I'll show you how the game
is correctly in Spanish
good kids like you can check
we are here in the game are worth and
fortify bonus is all in Spanish
all menus all messages all
the subtitles and such
the only bitch in this patch is that
the kinematics as I said before
They're not here
translated into Spanish, that is,
cinematics are not originals in Spanish
but good is a remedy for
illness and nothing more people in the
description you will have the link to
download the game I hope you have
I like favorites like we are
in the next video see you later